Add reference to support hours and holidays (#4222)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/help/index.md

## Technical Support

Email support is available for all [Segment support plans](https://segment.com/support-plans/). If you're experiencing problems, have questions about implementing Segment, or want to report a bug, you can fill out the [support contact form](https://segment.com/help/contact/) and the Success Engineering team will get back to you.

> note ""
> You need a Segment account to file a support request. If you don't have one, sign up for a free workspace and then send your request.

### Segment Support Business Hours

> The Segment Support Team’s hours and holidays can be found here(https://support.twilio.com/hc/en-us/articles/223136127-Twilio-Support-business-hours).

Author: [here].(https://support.twilio.com/hc/en-us/articles/223136127-Twilio-Support-business-hours)

> The Segment Support Team’s hours and holidays can be found [here](https://support.twilio.com/hc/en-us/articles/223136127-Twilio-Support-business-hours).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about the  Segment Support Team’s hours and holidays see [Twilio Support business hours](https://support.twilio.com/hc/en-us/articles/223136127-Twilio-Support-business-hours).
```
